			The Blackouts Of Bitcoin
	This is my white paper i have created for a understanding
	of bitcoin and its future projections! Bitcoin got told
	as a anonymous figure looking for help starting a business.
	This business was already created by a person who yelled out,
	I am Satoshi Nakamoto, the same day and night Bitcoin was
	first talked about as a online stock currency witch it is
	digital but the structure to the currency is in a stock
	way! This night with 4 or 5 people bitcoin was discovered
	immeadiatly assigning 1 of the 4 or the 5 as CEO of the
	bitcoin business as the room draw colder that cold fall
	night more discussion became it could mined like gold
	you could be mining bitcoin like gold another one said
	as bitcoin was discussed more amongst a small group and
	as to crypto currency and bitcoin now worth a trillion of
	market value. stated crypto like cryptocurrency since one
	of them was trying to learn cryptography. its odd those 
	blackout nights really effected our capacitors in memory
	cognitvely not memory used to say mine bitcoin! A heavy
	Alcoholic syndrome hit satoshi nakamoto and cryptography
	or in as crypto and bitcoin only thing said for 3 hours
	Satoshi Nakamoto has not seen the CEO for over 10 years
	as well has not seen it could be mined like gold for 13
	years crypto and bitcoin for 2 or 3 hours in a green 
	room coloring and drawing sketches satoshi nakamoto
	seen him 2 years ago! Bitcoin got developed by a programmer
	by mining and CEO well crypto and bitcoin had blackouts
	of Bitcoin. Some people dont see like others do! I see
	color and sometime loose my color vision! I blackout
	i cant seen anything but i am still functioning...
	It happened quite a few times in the begining days of smoke
	and deep snow with liqour and fire!
	Bitcoin Will Glitch out a bank in return of a glitch from 
	a bank! The programmer is coming alive in the Real Satoshi
	Nakamoto who started bitcoin as a business and the programmers
	took their skills to the table!
